Nonsense, you really gave it to me
Sorry grandma
Time is running out
Wushuang didn't have time to prepare the gift properly
Don't blame him.
Is it a matter of time?
Ah, this obviously doesn't put us
Priceless in the eyes
That's what's going to spread
How can our Wu family have the face to meet people in the future?
Are you done?
That's it, it's my turn
This is the Chinese medicine I carefully prepared for my grandmother
Treat grandma's headache
Although it only cost a few dozen dollars when I bought it.
But I promise its value.
Worth millions
You know what?
Why don't you say this bag is priceless?
How did you know I had scalp disease?
Of course and I also know
Your headache has been bothering you for years
Now more and more
So I promise you.
This bag is important
He must be going out of business
It really works.
Hey, don't listen to him.
What is this bag?
If this bag is curative
So what do the experts we invite do?
I see
This is the possibility of a little doctor's wild wolf.
The other party is a poison
Whether there is a cure or not will be known in 5 minutes
Grandma looks at your complexion
You have never